n-api: detect deadlocks in thread-safe function (#32689)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

`napi_call_threadsafe_function()` never blocks if the thread-safe function was
created with a maximum queue size of 0.

As a special case, when `napi_call_threadsafe_function()` is called from the
main thread, it will return `napi_would_deadlock` if the queue is full and it
was called with `napi_tsfn_blocking`. The reason for this is that the main
thread is responsible for reducing the number of items in the queue so, if it

> waits for room to become available on the queue, then it will deadlock.

Reviewer: Add a `changes:` entry for `napi_create_threadsafe_function` below?

<!-- YAML
added: v10.6.0
napiVersion: 4
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32689

>     description: Return `napi_would_deadlock` when called from the main thread.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    description: Return `napi_would_deadlock` if called with `napi_tsfn_blocking` from the main thread and the queue is full.
```
Just another clarification...
